<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Dominaria Limited Set Review</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/style.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/media.css" />
</head>
<body>
   <section id="RatingsScale" class="element chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <header class="heading heading-with-title heading-without-image" id="RatingsScale-heading">
      <div class="chapter-title-subtitle-block chapter-title-block-with-chapter-number">
         <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="title">Ratings Scale</h1>
         </div>
         <br />
      </div>
    </header>
      <div class="text text-main" id="RatingsScale-i-text">
         <p class="subsq"><i>Retired and inducted into the Limited Hall of Fame: Pack Rat. Umezawa’s Jitte. The Scarab God.</i></p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>5.0:</b> The best of the best. (Glorybringer. The Scorpion God. The Locust God.)</p>         
         <p class="subsq"><b>4.5:</b> Incredible bomb, but not unbeatable. (Archfiend of Ifnir. Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh. God-Pharaoh’s Gift.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>4.0:</b> Good rare or top-tier uncommon. (Sunset Pyramid. Angler Drake. Sand Strangler.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>3.5:</b> Top-tier common or solid uncommon. (Open Fire. Ambuscade. Gravedigger.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>3.0:</b> Good playable that basically always makes the cut. (Desert of the Mindful. Oasis Ritualist. Oketra’s Avenger.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>2.5:</b> Solid playable that rarely gets cut. (Unsummon. Puncturing Blow. Naga Vitalist.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>2.0:</b> Good filler, but sometimes gets cut. (Tah-Crop Skirmisher. Harrier Naga. Counterveiling Winds.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>1.5:</b> Filler. Gets cut about half the time. (Moaning Wall. Khenra Eternal. Without Weakness.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>1.0:</b> Bad filler. Gets cut most of the time. (Defiant Khenra. Disposal Mummy. Djeru’s Renunciation.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>0.5:</b> Very low-end playables and sideboard material. (Forsake the Worldly. Chandra’s Defeat.)</p>
         <p class="subsq"><b>0.0:</b> Completely unplayable. (Solemnity. Luxa River Shrine. One with Nothing.)</p>
      </div>
   </section>
</body>
</html>
